Samuel also said to soul the Lord sent
Samuel also said to soul the Lord sent me to anoint you king over his people
me to anoint you king over his people
me to anoint you king over his people over Israel
over Israel
over Israel now therefore heed the voice of the
now therefore heed the voice of the
now therefore heed the voice of the words of the Lord thus says the Lord of
words of the Lord thus says the Lord of
words of the Lord thus says the Lord of Hosts I will punish Amalek for what he
Hosts I will punish Amalek for what he
Hosts I will punish Amalek for what he did to Israel how he ambushed him on the
did to Israel how he ambushed him on the
did to Israel how he ambushed him on the way when he came up from Egypt
way when he came up from Egypt
way when he came up from Egypt now go and attack Amalek and utterly
now go and attack Amalek and utterly
now go and attack Amalek and utterly destroy all that they have and do not
destroy all that they have and do not
destroy all that they have and do not spare them but kill both man and woman
spare them but kill both man and woman
spare them but kill both man and woman infant and nursing child ox and sheep
infant and nursing child ox and sheep
infant and nursing child ox and sheep camel and donkey so Saul gathered the
camel and donkey so Saul gathered the
camel and donkey so Saul gathered the people together and numbered them until
people together and numbered them until
people together and numbered them until a two hundred thousand foot soldiers and
a two hundred thousand foot soldiers and
a two hundred thousand foot soldiers and ten thousand men of Judah and soul came
ten thousand men of Judah and soul came
ten thousand men of Judah and soul came to the city of Amalek and lay in wait in
to the city of Amalek and lay in wait in
to the city of Amalek and lay in wait in the valley then saul said to the Kenites
the valley then saul said to the Kenites
the valley then saul said to the Kenites go depart get down from among the
go depart get down from among the
go depart get down from among the Amalekites lest I destroy you with them
Amalekites lest I destroy you with them
Amalekites lest I destroy you with them for you showed kindness to all the
for you showed kindness to all the
for you showed kindness to all the children of Israel when they came up out
children of Israel when they came up out
children of Israel when they came up out of Egypt so the Kenites departed from
of Egypt so the Kenites departed from
of Egypt so the Kenites departed from among the Amalekites and soul attack the
among the Amalekites and soul attack the
among the Amalekites and soul attack the Amalekites from heaven all the way to
Amalekites from heaven all the way to
Amalekites from heaven all the way to shore which is east of Egypt he also
shore which is east of Egypt he also
shore which is east of Egypt he also took Agag king of the Amalekites alive
took Agag king of the Amalekites alive
took Agag king of the Amalekites alive and utterly destroyed all the people
and utterly destroyed all the people
and utterly destroyed all the people with the edge of the sword
with the edge of the sword
with the edge of the sword so um the people spared a gag and the
so um the people spared a gag and the
so um the people spared a gag and the best of the Sheep the oxen the fatlings
best of the Sheep the oxen the fatlings
best of the Sheep the oxen the fatlings the Lambs and all that was good and were
the Lambs and all that was good and were
the Lambs and all that was good and were unwilling to utterly destroy them but
unwilling to utterly destroy them but
unwilling to utterly destroy them but everything despised and worthless that
everything despised and worthless that
everything despised and worthless that they utterly destroyed now the word of
they utterly destroyed now the word of
they utterly destroyed now the word of the Lord came to Samuel I greatly regret
the Lord came to Samuel I greatly regret
the Lord came to Samuel I greatly regret that I have set up Saul as king for he
that I have set up Saul as king for he
that I have set up Saul as king for he has turned back from following me and
has turned back from following me and
has turned back from following me and has not performed my Commandments and it
has not performed my Commandments and it
has not performed my Commandments and it grieved Samuel and he cried out to the
grieved Samuel and he cried out to the
grieved Samuel and he cried out to the Lord all night so when Samuel rose early
Lord all night so when Samuel rose early
Lord all night so when Samuel rose early in the morning to meet Saul it was told
in the morning to meet Saul it was told
in the morning to meet Saul it was told Samuel Saul went to Carmel and indeed he
Samuel Saul went to Carmel and indeed he
Samuel Saul went to Carmel and indeed he set up a monument for himself and he has
set up a monument for himself and he has
set up a monument for himself and he has gone on around passed by and gone down
gone on around passed by and gone down
gone on around passed by and gone down to gildo and Samuel went to Saul and
to gildo and Samuel went to Saul and
to gildo and Samuel went to Saul and Saul said to him blessed are you of the
Saul said to him blessed are you of the
Saul said to him blessed are you of the Lord I have performed the commandment of
Lord I have performed the commandment of
Lord I have performed the commandment of the Lord what then is this bleating of
the Lord what then is this bleating of
the Lord what then is this bleating of the sheep in my ears and the lowing of
the sheep in my ears and the lowing of
the sheep in my ears and the lowing of the oxen which I hear they have brought
the oxen which I hear they have brought
the oxen which I hear they have brought them from the Amalekites while the
them from the Amalekites while the
them from the Amalekites while the people spared the best of the sheep and
people spared the best of the sheep and
people spared the best of the sheep and the oxen to sacrifice to the Lord your
the oxen to sacrifice to the Lord your
the oxen to sacrifice to the Lord your God and the rest we have utterly
God and the rest we have utterly
God and the rest we have utterly destroyed
destroyed
destroyed be quiet and I will tell you what the
be quiet and I will tell you what the
be quiet and I will tell you what the Lord said to me last night
Lord said to me last night
Lord said to me last night speak on when you were little in your
speak on when you were little in your
speak on when you were little in your own eyes were you not head of the tribes
own eyes were you not head of the tribes
own eyes were you not head of the tribes of Israel and did not the Lord anoint
of Israel and did not the Lord anoint
of Israel and did not the Lord anoint you king over Israel now the Lord sent
you king over Israel now the Lord sent
you king over Israel now the Lord sent you on a mission and said go and thought
you on a mission and said go and thought
you on a mission and said go and thought surely destroy the sinners the
surely destroy the sinners the
surely destroy the sinners the Amalekites and fight against them until
Amalekites and fight against them until
Amalekites and fight against them until they are consumed why then did you not
they are consumed why then did you not
they are consumed why then did you not obey the voice of the Lord
obey the voice of the Lord
obey the voice of the Lord why did you swoop down on the spoil and
why did you swoop down on the spoil and
why did you swoop down on the spoil and do evil in the sight of the Lord but I
do evil in the sight of the Lord but I
do evil in the sight of the Lord but I have obeyed the voice and gone on the
have obeyed the voice and gone on the
have obeyed the voice and gone on the mission on which the Lord sent me and
mission on which the Lord sent me and
mission on which the Lord sent me and brought back a gag King of Amalek I've
brought back a gag King of Amalek I've
brought back a gag King of Amalek I've utterly destroyed the Amalekites but the
utterly destroyed the Amalekites but the
utterly destroyed the Amalekites but the people took of the plunder sheep and
people took of the plunder sheep and
people took of the plunder sheep and oxen the best of the things which should
oxen the best of the things which should
oxen the best of the things which should have been us leadest royde to sacrifice
have been us leadest royde to sacrifice
have been us leadest royde to sacrifice to the Lord your God in gilda has the
to the Lord your God in gilda has the
to the Lord your God in gilda has the Lord as great delight in burnt offerings
Lord as great delight in burnt offerings
Lord as great delight in burnt offerings and sacrifices as in obeying the voice
and sacrifices as in obeying the voice
and sacrifices as in obeying the voice of the Lord behold to obey is better
of the Lord behold to obey is better
of the Lord behold to obey is better than sacrifice and to heed
than sacrifice and to heed
than sacrifice and to heed of rams for rebellion is as the sin of
of rams for rebellion is as the sin of
of rams for rebellion is as the sin of witchcraft and stubbornness is as
witchcraft and stubbornness is as
witchcraft and stubbornness is as iniquity and idolatry because you have
iniquity and idolatry because you have
iniquity and idolatry because you have rejected the word of the Lord he also
rejected the word of the Lord he also
rejected the word of the Lord he also has rejected you from being king I have
has rejected you from being king I have
has rejected you from being king I have sinned
sinned
sinned but I have transgressed the commandment
but I have transgressed the commandment
but I have transgressed the commandment of the Lord and your words because I
of the Lord and your words because I
of the Lord and your words because I feared the people and obeyed their voice
now therefore please pardon my sin and
now therefore please pardon my sin and return with me but I may worship the
return with me but I may worship the
return with me but I may worship the Lord I will not return with you for you
Lord I will not return with you for you
Lord I will not return with you for you have rejected the word of the Lord and
have rejected the word of the Lord and
have rejected the word of the Lord and the Lord has rejected you from being
the Lord has rejected you from being
the Lord has rejected you from being king over Israel and as Samuel turned
king over Israel and as Samuel turned
king over Israel and as Samuel turned around to go away soul sees the edge of
around to go away soul sees the edge of
around to go away soul sees the edge of his road and its tour
his road and its tour
his road and its tour the Lord has torn the Kingdom of Israel
the Lord has torn the Kingdom of Israel
the Lord has torn the Kingdom of Israel from you today and has given it to a
from you today and has given it to a
from you today and has given it to a neighbor of yours who is better than you
neighbor of yours who is better than you
neighbor of yours who is better than you and also the strength of Israel will not
and also the strength of Israel will not
and also the strength of Israel will not lie nor relent for he is not a man that
lie nor relent for he is not a man that
lie nor relent for he is not a man that he should limit I have sinned
he should limit I have sinned
he should limit I have sinned yet honor me now please before the
yet honor me now please before the
yet honor me now please before the elders of my people land before Israel
elders of my people land before Israel
elders of my people land before Israel and return with me that I may worship
and return with me that I may worship
and return with me that I may worship the Lord your God so Samuel turn back
the Lord your God so Samuel turn back
the Lord your God so Samuel turn back after Saul and Saul worship the Lord
after Saul and Saul worship the Lord
after Saul and Saul worship the Lord then Samuel said bring again king of the
then Samuel said bring again king of the
then Samuel said bring again king of the Amalekites here to me
Amalekites here to me
Amalekites here to me so a gag came to him cautiously surely
so a gag came to him cautiously surely
so a gag came to him cautiously surely the bitterness of death is past as your
the bitterness of death is past as your
the bitterness of death is past as your sword has made women childless so shall
sword has made women childless so shall
sword has made women childless so shall your mother be childless among women in
your mother be childless among women in
your mother be childless among women in priestess before the Lord in Gilgal then
priestess before the Lord in Gilgal then
priestess before the Lord in Gilgal then Samuel went to Rhema and Saul went up to
Samuel went to Rhema and Saul went up to
Samuel went to Rhema and Saul went up to his house at Gibeah of Seoul and Samuel
his house at Gibeah of Seoul and Samuel
his house at Gibeah of Seoul and Samuel went no more to see Saul until the day
went no more to see Saul until the day
went no more to see Saul until the day of his death nevertheless Samuel mourned
of his death nevertheless Samuel mourned
of his death nevertheless Samuel mourned for Saul and the lord regretted that he
for Saul and the lord regretted that he
for Saul and the lord regretted that he had made Saul king over Israel